Hi, my name is Andrew Bray, and I'm an Associate Teaching Professor in Statistics at UC Berkeley.
I'd like to tell you my top three reasons why you should take the Introduction to Quarto
Workshop at PositConf.
Number one, feel the flexibility.
One of the things I love about Quarto is how flexible it is.
Authoring a document always feels the same.
I'm typing into a simple text file, but when I go to render it, I could make a PDF file
or Word document or an HTML file or a slide presentation.
What's more, if there's code in that document, it could be R code or Shiny or Python or Julia.
In this workshop, you'll get to feel that flexibility.
At the end of the day, you'll produce a broad range of polished documents, and you'll emerge
with a big picture view of everything that's possible with Quarto.
Reason number two, a guide through the docs.
If you've started tinkering around with Quarto, you've probably discovered that there's extensive
documentation available at quarto.org.
But if you're just getting started, this can be pretty overwhelming.
In this workshop, you're getting a curated guide through the vast functionality of Quarto.
In the morning, we'll start off with a single static document, and then we'll add functionality
bit by bit until we have something quite sophisticated.
In the afternoon, we'll shift our focus to putting together a beautiful slide presentation.
Reason number three, live coding.
Something that many of the workshops at Positive Comp share is the practice of live coding.
This means that in addition to using slides, I'll be projecting my RStudio session so you
can see me code up a Quarto document live.
This is helpful because in addition to getting to see the syntax, you're also getting to
see the workflow of authoring a Quarto document.
And when errors pop up, because they will pop up, you'll get to see somebody else's
approach to getting unstuck.
So if you're ready to dive into everything you can do with Quarto, please join us at
the workshop in Chicago.
We hope to see you there.